What country has the highest life expectancy? 
Where would you be if you were standing on the Spanish Steps? 
Which language has the more native speakers: English or Spanish? 
What is the most common surname in the United States?
What disease commonly spread on pirate ships? 
Who was the Ancient Greek God of the Sun? 
What was the name of the crime boss who was head of the feared Chicago Outfit? 
What year was the United Nations established?
Who has won the most total Academy Awards? 
What artist has the most streams on Spotify?
How many minutes are in a full week?
What car manufacturer had the highest revenue in 2020?
How many elements are in the periodic table?
What company was originally called "Cadabra"?
How many faces does a Dodecahedron have?
Queen guitarist Brian May is also an expert in what scientific field?
Aureolin is a shade of what color?
How many ghosts chase Pac-Man at the start of each game?
What Renaissance artist is buried in Rome's Pantheon?
What shoe brand makes the "Mexico 66"?
What game studio makes the Red Dead Redemption series?
Who was the last Tsar of Russia?
What character have both Robert Downey Jr. and Benedict Cumberbatch played?
What country drinks the most coffee per capita?
Which planet in the Milky Way is the hottest?
What is the 4th letter of the Greek alphabet?
What sports car company manufactures the 911?
What city is known as "The Eternal City"?
Roald Amundsen was the first man to reach the South Pole, but where was he from?
What is the highest-rated film on IMDb as of January 1st, 2022?
Who discovered that the earth revolves around the sun?
What company was initially known as "Blue Ribbon Sports"?
What art form is described as "decorative handwriting or handwritten lettering"?
Which planet has the most moons?
What country has won the most World Cups?
Complete the following lyrics - "I should have changed that stupid lock....." I should have made you leave your key
Kratos is the main character of what video game series?
In what country would you find Mount Kilimanjaro?
What is a group of pandas known as?
What European country experienced the highest rate of population decline from 2015 - 2020?
How many bones do we have in an ear?
Who famously crossed the Alps with elephants on the way to war with the Romans?
True or False: Halloween originated as an ancient Irish festival.
What Netflix show had the most streaming views in 2021?
Which grammy-nominated New York rapper died in April of 2021?
What software company is headquartered in Redmond, Washington?
What is the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world?
What is the world's fastest bird?
In what country is the Chernobyl nuclear plant located?
The Parthenon Marbles are controversially located in what museum?